Current Bugs
1. Won a round and click to continue button doesn't advance to next round 
   and causes out of bounds error
2. Out of bounds exception when hitting draw button and there are no cards to draw left
   (occurred while testing a 10 player game) 
   same card is always drawn after this error happened

Fixed
1. Not compatible with Java initially
2. Name entry buttons not all functioning properly(fixed)
3. Starting hand is only 6 cards when should be 7(fixed)
4. Starting hand randomly starts at 9 cards after initial run
   (very rare chance to occur now, but I did still get it to happen)
5. Cards played from hand don't replace Center card (fixed)
6. Can't tell which player's turn it is so it is hard to tell if 
   skip and reverse cards are functioning properly(implemented)
7. Wild cards don't work properly yet(implemented)
8. Initial Card to play off of doesn't match what is being drawn on screen 
   color matches but type doesn't(fixed)
9. Draw button makes players hand go away except for the card drawn (fixed)
(not a bug, in Uno, if you draw a new card, that is the only card you are allowed to play)
10. Names aren't displayed anywhere(implemented)
11. 2nd player playing a Draw card makes it so the player can't end turn 
    until hitting draw card button(2 player game only so far)(skip condition, not a bug)
12. Array exception on cards that you can't play(fixed? can't replicate anymore)
13. Names not being saved (fixed)
14. Resizing window changes button layout(not really sure how to fix it I guess)
15. Next player's turn skipped when previous player plays a draw card or draw 4 wild card
    (or do draw cards also skip their turn in addition to making them draw cards? 
     if so then this isn't a bug either and I just didn't understand the rule about them)
16. Sometimes it won't let you play certain cards that match the color of the 
    current card and should be able to be played(haven't seen this occur again yet)
17. Duplicate cards, first card unplayable, second throws array exception(fixed)
18. When start card is Draw, it does not skip the first player(fixed)
19. When start card is Reverse, it gives the first player 2 extra cards(fixed)
20. Array exception on drawing cards(fixed)
21. Random out of bounds exception errors on cards that are legal to play(fixed)
22. Applet window resizes randomly after initial run (unable to replicate)
23. Win condition isn't triggered to go to next round or end game(fixed)